Mohsen Banan’s New Book, «Nature of Polyexistentials», Challenges Validity of the Western Intellectual Property Rights Regime

I am delighted to announce the availability of my recent book, “Nature of Polyexistentials”.

We were all born into the belief system of intellectual property rights (IPR), making it exceedingly difficult for us to even imagine that this foundational ownership framework could be fundamentally flawed. With so many individuals deeply invested in the IPR model, how can it not be considered proper and correct?

In this book, I introduce, for the very first time, the concepts and terminology of “polyexistentials”. The topic of restriction of polyexistentals and the Western IPR is one and the same. Comprehending polyexistence invalidates the Western IPR model. We are living inside of an ownership fallacy. The Western IPR regime is a sin of our times.

I am not alone in having recognized this mistake. Many other books and articles have been written on this topic. But this book is distinct and different from those. First, most books on this topic are authored by Western lawyers, politicians, economists, journalist, sociologists and academics. I am an engineer and I hail from outside the Western context. Second, this is the very first time that the philosophical concept and terminology of “polyexistentials” are employed to analyze this topic and this domain. Third, my threatment of this subject is genuinely independent. Finally, unlike most other writings on this topic which amount to naggings of impotents, I am putting a blueprint for a cure on the table. As an engineer, I am offering explicit multidisciplinary solutions.

This book is readily available to the public in various forms and formats, with no restrictions on copying it.

 Nature of Polyexistentials:
 Basis for Abolishment of the Western Intellectual Property Rights Regime
 And Introduction of the Libre-Halaal ByStar Digital Ecosystem

 Digital:: First US Edition – https://lnkd.in/giRxxycD
 DOI: https://lnkd.in/gc_EiuCB
 Print:: First US Edition – ISBN: 978-1960957016 – Amazon: US, CA, FR, ES – LCCN: 2023911133

You can download it, purchase it from a bookstore, order it from Amazon, or borrow it from your local library.

If you are not already vested in the IPR regime, there is a good chance you will be convinced after reading this book. You will recognize the need to abolish the Western IPR regime. But what should we do next? We need to engage with our societal representatives. A primary audience for this book includes those who shape our societal direction. Please involve them.

Mistakes in ownership rules are matters we cannot afford to overlook.

If you read the book, I would be interested in your thoughts and feedback.

With respect and hope, I remain at your service,

Mohsen Banan https://lnkd.in/g7GayRuQ
ByStar (By*) http://www.by-star.net
